feat: ability to test rule errors and invalid schemas (#16823)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/integrate/nodejs-api.md

* The name of the rule (string)
* The rule object itself (see ["working with rules"](../extend/custom-rules))

> * An object containing the following test case array properties: `valid`, `invalid`, `fatal` (optional)

Reviewer: This is a bit unclear to me. Maybe:

```suggestion
* An object containing `valid` and `invalid` properties. An optional `fatal` property may also be added. Each property is an array containing test cases.
```

    If a string is provided as an error instead of an object, the string is used to assert the `message` of the error.
* `output` (string, required if the rule fixes code): Asserts the output that will be produced when using this rule for a single pass of autofixing (e.g. with the `--fix` command line flag). If this is `null`, asserts that none of the reported problems suggest autofixes.

> Fatal test cases (which are optional) are the same as invalid test cases, except that `code` is optional (it may be irrelevant when testing rule options), and there's an `error` object instead of an `errors` array. The `error` object should include one or both of the `message` of the error and the error (exception) class `name`. Fatal test cases can be used to test custom errors thrown by the rule, or invalid rule options (in which case the error `name` will be `SchemaValidationError`, and the `message` will be come from JSON Schema -- note that strings from JSON Schema are subject to change with future upgrades).

Author: Reworded this paragraph to be more clear.
